Code Insights: Add Code Insights FE arch overview docs (#24309)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/background-information/insights/frontend.md

        startWith(null),
        map(() => sourcegraph.configuration.get().value)
    )

const insightConfigs = settings.pipe(
    map(
        settings =>
            Object.entries(settings)
              .filter(([key]) => key.startsWith('searchInsights.insight.')) as [
                string,
                Insight | null | false
            ][]
    )
)
```

> Code stats extension insight does exactly this thing to get insight configurations and get insights data.

Backend based insights also have their insight configurations, and they are also stored
in the same settings cascade but by special property key `insights.allrepos`

```json

{
  // other setting cascade subject properties
  // ...
  // ...
  
  "insights.allrepos": {

    "searchInsight.insight.someInsight": {
      "title": "Some insight",
      "series": [
        { 
          "title": "#1 data series",
          "query": "test", 
          "stroke": "#000"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

You can find typescript types that describe these insight entities 
in [/core/types/insights/index.ts](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/-/blob/client/web/src/insights/core/types/insight/index.ts)

> > This way to store insights isn't the best, but this is the easiest way to get insight configs from extensions.
> > Eventually, we want to migrate all insights to our BE and store them in real DB.

Reviewer: A blockquote should only be used for an actual quote (e.g. of external docs) for semantic and accessibility reasons.
If you want to format it like an "alert" note, you can add the `NOTE: ` prefix and it will become a note instead.
```suggestion
> NOTE: This way to store insights isn't the best, but this is the easiest way to get insight configs from extensions.
> Eventually, we want to migrate all insights to our BE and store them in real DB.
```

`jsonc` file of organization subject then add newly created insight (its configuration) to this `jsonc` file
and then saves it via our gql API and trigger re-hydration for local settings, so you don't need to reload the page
to see the last updated settings cascade on the page.

Also, this setting affects what dashboard will be used to show this insight.

It is worth mentioning that we use setting cascade subjects not only for storing insight configurations but also dashboard configurations.
We will cover this in other sections further.

## Quick intro to the setting cascade

As we mentioned before all insights (their configurations) are stored in the setting cascade. But what is the setting cascade?

In a nutshell, this is just a system around a couple of configuration files (called subjects). These files
are just `jsonc` files. But each subject (`jsonc`) file has its cascade level (means that setting cascade has some file hierarchy)

![settings-cascade-levels.png](assets/settings-cascade-levels.png)

So eventually, the FE merges all these files in one big `jsonc` object and deserializes this object to a common js object.

> You can find these merge logic here [/client/shared/src/settings/settings.ts](../../../../client/shared/src/settings/settings.ts) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find this merge logic here [/client/shared/src/settings/settings.ts](../../../../client/shared/src/settings/settings.ts) 
```

`mergeSettings` function.

We use settings cascade a lot in different places, In fact, our dashboard system and insight visibility were built on top
of settings cascade levels.  

## Insight consumers 

> The first thing we should know before dive deep into the code insights codebase is that's the places
> where we're rendering/showing code insights component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first thing we should know before diving deep into the code insights codebase are the places
where we're rendering/showing code insights component.
```

At the moment, we have at least three different places where you can find
code insights components/logic

1. The dashboard page
   - The dashboard page itself 
   - Creation UI pages (search and code stats insights)
3. The Home (search) page
4. The directory page

Further, we will cover all three places where we use something from the insights code-base.

### The dashboard page

![Dashboard select page](./assets/dashboard-select-page.png)

This page is kind of the main source of insights in the app at the moment. By the dashboard page, you can find any
accessible to you insights by going through different dashboards.

As you can see on the screenshot above, the page has the select component to pick the right dashboard.

All dashboards have the following hierarchy

1. **All insights dashboard**
<br/> This dashboard contains all available user insights from all places.
All users have this dashboard by default, users can't delete this dashboard.
2. **< user name >'s insights** 

> <br/> This is something called **built-in dashboard**. This dashboard represents

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<br/> This is something called a **built-in dashboard**. This dashboard represents
```
